feat: Compose for web in alpha (#121)
JetBrains/kotlin-multiplatform-dev-docs: topics/compose-onboard/compose-multiplatform-setup.md

            <p>To update the plugin, on the Android Studio welcome screen, select <strong>Plugins | Installed</strong>. Click <strong>Update</strong> next to Kotlin. You can also check the Kotlin version in <strong>Tools | Kotlin | Configure Kotlin Plugin Updates</strong>.</p>
            <p>The Kotlin plugin should be compatible with the Kotlin Multiplatform Mobile plugin. Refer to the <a href="https://kotlinlang.org/docs/multiplatform-plugin-releases.html#release-details">compatibility table</a>.</p></td>
   </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Browsers</td>
        <td>
            <p>To run multiplatform applications in a browser, you need a browser supporting the <a href="https://github.com/WebAssembly/gc">Wasm Garbage Collection (GC) feature</a>.</p>
            <list>

>                 <li><strong>Chrome and Chromium-based:</strong> works by default from version 119 and subsequent versions.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                <li><strong>Chrome and Chromium-based:</strong> works by default starting from version 119.</li>
```

>                 <li><strong>Firefox:</strong> works by default from version 120 and subsequent versions.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                <li><strong>Firefox:</strong> works by default starting from version 120.</li>
```

>                 <li><strong>Safari/WebKit:</strong> Wasm GC support is currently under <a href="https://bugs.webkit.org/show_bug.cgi?id=247394">active development.</a></li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                <li><strong>Safari/WebKit:</strong> Wasm GC support is currently under <a href="https://bugs.webkit.org/show_bug.cgi?id=247394">active development</a>.</li>
```

              <li><code>command not found: java</code> — <a href="https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase-downloads.html">install Java</a>.</li>
           </list>
   </def>
   <def title="Browsers">

>       Make sure that your browser version supports the new <a href="https://github.com/WebAssembly/gc">WasmGC</a> by default. If you are working with older browser versions, you need to <a href="https://kotlinlang.org/docs/wasm-troubleshooting.html#browser-versions">configure the environment</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Make sure that your browser version supports the new <a href="https://github.com/WebAssembly/gc">WasmGC</a> by default. If you are working with older browser versions, <a href="https://kotlinlang.org/docs/wasm-troubleshooting.html#browser-versions">configure the environment</a>.
```
